Shi Qianlong blocked the message
Continue to connect to Gucheng Xuan as Brother Haha
Make USB flash drive data always accurate
The data chip is hidden in an intact vase
Hey.
Hey
According to the data above
Re-investigate Gu Chenxiong's accounts yes sir
Hey, Aunt Long, Lord Long, oh, I've thought it all out
Hey, I hired, I hired it all
No matter what you say or do
I will do my best to cooperate
I just ask if Lord Long can give me one
My opportunity in the masses
Let's eat first
What kind of meal is this?
Is this severed rice?
Hey, no, we're done eating
Give you a chance to make meritorious deeds
Hey, no, oops, didn't you say it earlier?
Okay, eat that
After eating, you will do meritorious deeds
Haha Linger
Don't tell your dad what happened today
Don't worry, Brother Hangfeng, this is our secret.
I'm sure I won't tell anyone stop
Dad, you scared me
You two come here
Why are you back so late?
I went out for a walk with Brother Tibetan Feng
Why will it appear at the auction tomorrow?
It's because I want to buy a gift for Brother Tibetan Feng
So I'm crazy.
You said it was Linger who wanted to surprise me
Then why did I go as soon as I left Jingmei?
Are you messing with me behind my back?
Brother, I don't have it, Dad
Why are you so fierce?
Crazy, you heard me
Haha brother, if there is no reply today.
I promise to make you disappear from this world
Brother haha brother has news
Haha brother reply
Interpretation success
Go home and rest
No I agree not to go out